---
title: Get access to Watson Assistant logs
weight: 40
---

This tutorial will provide you with the steps needed to get access to the log output generated by the Watson Assistant service.  

After the 2018-01-25 release, the Watson Assistant service became a multi-tenant service.  Because of this, the Watson Assistant service needs to know where to direct the log messages from your Watson Assistant instance to IBM Cloud Foundry org and space you are a member of. 

The following steps will show you how to get the `tenant ID` of a IBM Cloud Foundry space you have access to.

## Pre-requisite

You'll need an IBMid which you can create by going to [IBM Cloud](https://bluemix.net) and clicking on **Create a free account**.

You'll need the Bluemix CLI.  If you don't have this, then see the steps to [set up the IBM Bluemix CLI]({{site.baseurl}}/skill/setup-local-dev-env/#set-up-the-ibm-bluemix-cli).

## Step 1: Install the logging Bluemix CLI plugin

Install the `logging-cli` plugin using the following command.

`bx plugin install logging-cli -r Bluemix`

## Step 2: Log into IBM Cloud

Log into IBM using the following command and follow the prompts.

`bx login --sso`

## Step 3: Set the target Cloud Foundry org and space

Depending which Cloud Foundry org and space you want to use for all your development, you will want to provide that info in the following command.

`bx target -o paste-your-org-name-here -s paste-your-space-name-here`

## Step 4: Get the tenant ID of the org and space

Use the following command to get the tenant ID of the org and space you are using.

`bx cf space paste-your-space-name-here --guid`

## Step 5: Send the tenant ID to Watson Assistant team 

Please use the value under `Tenant Id` (it looks similar to **a02ad488f-a456-423c-3drsg348hcv8**) to send the following in an email to your Watson Assistant support representative.

```
Please send my Watson Assistant logs to this org/space. 

Tenant ID = <value of `Tenant Id`>
API key = <your WA API key>

Thanks.
```

## Access the logs through the Kibana tool

Once you have received confirmation that your logs have been redirected, then you can click the `Conversation Logs` link in the Watson Assistant developer console or directly to [IBM Cloud Logging](https://logging.ng.bluemix.net/app/).

To filter the logs to see only those from Watson Assistant, use the search string of `type:watsonassistant`.  To learn more about the Kibana tool, see the [Kibana 5.1 Getting Started docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/5.1/getting-started.html).